Add SK Telecom-KoBERT and LifeRay-CLI file (#222)
odidev/ecosystem-dashboard-for-arm: content/opensource_packages/liferay.md

---
name: LifeRay-CLI
category: Content mgmt platforms

> description: The Liferay CLI (Command Line Interface) is a tool designed to simplify and accelerate the development of Liferay applications and it provides a set of commands that streamline various development tasks, such as creating, building, and deploying Liferay modules and themes.

Author: ```suggestion
description: The Liferay CLI is a tool designed to simplify and accelerate the development of Liferay applications and it provides a set of commands that streamline various development tasks, such as creating, building, and deploying Liferay modules and themes.
```

download_url: https://github.com/liferay/liferay-cli/releases
works_on_arm: true
supported_minimum_version:
    version_number: v0.0.2
    release_date: 2022/10/25

optional_info:
    homepage_url: https://www.liferay.com/
    support_caveats:
    alternative_options:
    getting_started_resources:
        arm_content:
        partner_content:
        official_docs: https://github.com/liferay/liferay-cli?tab=readme-ov-file#automated-installation
    arm_recommended_minimum_version:
        version_number:
        release_date:

optional_hidden_info:
    release_notes__supported_minimum:
    release_notes__recommended_minimum:

>     other_info: Liferay-CLI is separately releasing binaries for ARM64 platforms, ensuring full support for ARM64 architecture.

Author: ```suggestion
    other_info: No release notes are available for arm64. Arm64 binaries for Liferay-CLI is released from 0.0.2 version.
```
